README.md, before:

# Jordyn Mancini - Homework 02 Advanced CSS: Portfolio

## My-Task

Using the skills I have learned in this course so far, I have created a Web-based Portofolio to showcase who I am and my work samples. It is designed as a template that can be added to in the future as I have more work to showcase. This will be crucial in my career as a web development professional. 


## Deployed-Project 

The following animation shows the web application's appearance and functionality:

<!-- ![portfolio demo](./Assets/02-advanced-css-homework-demo.gif) -->

And the web application can be found here: 

<!-- Insert Link to website -->


## The-Process

I used HTML & CSS to build this website, using the tricks and skills we have learned over the past few weeks. I've inserted media querys and flexbox properties to ensure this site can be accessed & readable on different applications. 

However, there are some troubles I haven't been able to solve. The subtitle texts over the image links in the Work Section do not shrink at the same rate as the image, and therefore on smaller screens the view looks off.

Commit message:

updates to the overall structure, including the Contact Me section

README.md, after:

# Jordyn Mancini - Homework 02 Advanced CSS: Portfolio

## My Task

Using the skills I have learned in this course so far, I have created a Web-based Portofolio to showcase who I am and my work samples. It is designed as a template that can be added to in the future as I have more work to showcase. This will be crucial in my career as a web development professional. 


## Deployed Project 

The following animation shows the web application's appearance and functionality:

<!-- ![portfolio demo](./Assets/02-advanced-css-homework-demo.gif) -->

And the web application can be found here: 

<!-- Insert Link to website -->


## The Process

I used HTML & CSS to build this website, using the tricks and skills we have learned over the past few weeks. I've inserted media querys and flexbox properties to ensure this site can be accessed & readable on different applications. 

However, there are some troubles I have had a hard time solving when it comes to responsiveness. I used media querys to adjust to the standard breakpoints, but I feel like there is a cleaner way to do it that I have not yet identified.

I also am having trouble with centering the content of the "Contact Me" Section. I am trying to get my contact links to line up center to the content about it (from the Work Section & About Me Section), but I have not been able to get it to work without playing with the margins. I feel like there should be a cleaner way to do this, but I haven't figured it out.
